chore(ifr): support /v1/models API (#3240)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility.mdx

- encoding_format (default float)
- dimensions

## Models API

The Models API returns the model(s) available for inferencing. 

> In the context of a Scaleway Managed Inference deployment, returns the name of the current model being served.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of a Scaleway Managed Inference deployment, it returns the name of the current model being served.
```

> The Models API returns the model(s) available for inferencing. 
> 
> In the context of a Scaleway Managed Inference deployment, returns the name of the current model being served.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Models API provides information about the model(s) available for inference.

In the context of a Scaleway Managed Inference deployment, it returns the name of the model currently being served.
```
